Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers.
>> Our top stories, Asian stocks retreat
following a US tech selloff with chip
shares among the losers. Uncertainty
also deepening after a US court ruling
that deemed President Trump's tariffs
illegal.
>> Well, it's a tale of two companies here
when it comes to Alibaba and BYD. The
Chinese e-commerce giant boyed by AI
progress, but the EV firm is feeling the
bite from a bruising price war.
>> And we're looking ahead to the market
reopen in Southeast Asia amid political
upheaval in Thailand. Growing protests
in Indonesia, that deadly unrest forcing
President Braoa Subanto to cancel a trip
to China.
[Music]
and I'm Steven Angel in Tenzin, China,
where the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization or SEO is well underway.
Many foreign leaders in attendance
including Vladimir Putin and Narendra
Modi. Xiinping and Modi saying they're
going to rebuild ties amid those US
trade tariffs.
[Music]
Well, this is the first day of trading
for September and we're starting off on
a bit of a back foot here today. I mean,
really though, you you can't overstate
the next 14 days are going to be really
consequential for where markets trend
toward into the end of the year. But
some of the big data points we're
watching for, you've got US jobs coming
up, inflation data, all leading into the
Fed, a 90% base case now for for a Fed
rate cut. But the big question is what
does JP Pal signal in that press or
about the outlook for easing again as we
move into the months ahead. So that
really sets us up going into it. One of
the big themes that that investors are
talking about is just how subdued
volatility is looking. And maybe there's
that question, is there too much
complacency in the markets right now?
But today, as I said, we're starting the
the day, starting the week, starting the
month on a little bit in the red this
morning because you're a quarter percent
to the downside. Really being led
though, you can see there by those
losses in the nicke already off 1% over
in Japan. Of course, no trading for
treasuries. We do have a US market
holiday. But also, let's take a look
because it's not just that big focus
what's happening in the US. It's that
big focus on the China story as well.
And the big watch on earnings because we
had Alibaba, BYD, both of those
companies reporting after the bell on
Friday. really strong numbers for
Alibaba in particular in certain
sections. Actually leading into the
results, the big question was really
around
what would what be what would be the
outlook for the food delivery price wars
and yes that was a theme but really the
big reaction came down to the Alibaba
cloud business and that was the true
highlight and you can see there the
market reaction. BYD very much under
pressure. We saw a very sharp drop in
their quarterly profits 30% decline
first time we've seen that in a few
years. It's all that story around
competition which we see against a
number of different sectors. What is
interesting of course is as you head
into that continued market
outperformance or that strong runup
you're seeing in Chinese equities. What
is the economic story? And and Ivon it's
really interesting because you continue
to see optimism in equities but at the
same time you're seeing weakness in the
economic picture as well.
>> Yes that disconnect continues right you
take a look what we saw over the
weekend. those PMI numbers, the official
gauge there did show continued uh
contraction there. And you know, it
seems like it's anti-involution, this
whole kind of price competition and
trying to to to stem it as a way of
really kind of forcing a lot of
manufacturers to kind of step back when
it comes to production there. And that
really is kind of overshadowing what
we've been seeing was basically the US,
China trade truce and that should be
actually giving some of these
manufacturers a boost. So certainly
that's one thing. Home sales though
still looking pretty dire.
>> Yeah, exactly. claiming we saw that
slump just extending over the course of
August for instance. I think the value
of new home sales for instance for the
100 largest commercial properties or
properties rather standing at $29
billion. But you're looking at an 18%
drop roughly from a year earlier. So it
just tells you any sort of efforts
you've seen to try and prop up local
property demand don't seem to be working
so far. You
>> got to wonder how much traders are going
to be focusing on that today because you
take a look at something like Baba,
right? when we were so obsessed with
talking about food delivery and it turns
out they're talking about this new AI
chip that seems to be setting the stock,
you know, going AI chip is a big thing
as well because you want to see that
that that drive for self-reliancy and
and not having to rely on Nvidia's
chips, the H20 for instance, but it's
also that general push in AI that
they're making and that monetization
you're seeing on a number of different
fronts. But but a 26% jump in sales from
the cloud division, I mean, very
impressive and that was clearly what
investors were looking at as well. but
also taking a look at how they actually
are performing in the food delivery
price wars and you are starting to see
those returns coming through in the
quick commerce arm in particular.
>> Okay, we'll continue to unpack those
earnings for you as well. Of course, we
talked about BYD that could be the one
uh going the other direction and of
course ahead of that open. Let's bring
in our Asia equities reporter Winnie Shu
on on what they're focusing on your team
this week.
>> Yeah, so take a step back when you look
at how strong the rally has been, right?
CSI 300 up nine weeks out of the past 10
weeks. And so right now we're seeing
that momentum really driving the rally.
And hence short term there seems to be a
little bit more of that positivity uh
for the rally going forward especially
because we're ahead of this military uh
parade that is going to happen on
September the 3rd. And historically
speaking we usually see a rally into uh
this event. So until then we should
still see that momentum to keep up. And
that was also mentioned in one of JP
Morgan's recent note that that's also
one of the key catalysts we we'll be
watching. But like you said, earnings
right now a bit of a mixed p picture. On
one side we have those that were really
supported by the AI um narratives be um
Alibaba we just mentioned and also
Tencent Xiaomi. So those um investors
are really rewarding them. on the other
hand, BYD and then we talked about the
food deliveries being JD.com, Muan,
those suffer because of that price
competition going up. So, it seems like
these are the two big keywords that
we're seeing. The picture is still quite
split. And when it comes to kind of the
the other side of things, we talked
about the eco numbers still being quite
weak. Factory uh activity is still quite
um in contraction with that home sale.
So it's pointing to the fact that we are
still really not in recovery yet. But
because of this momentum driving the
rally further, we can potentially see a
bit of um uptake um it earlier this
week, but potentially a bigger
correction later in the week after the
catalyst start over.
>> One of the big momentum drivers or or
one of the potential catalysts that was
talked about a lot was the mom and pop
investors and just that amount of of
retail cash that was sitting on the
sidelines. Is that theme still intact do
you think?
>> Yes, absolutely. That is one key keep
keep key keep key keep key keep key keep
key uh key theme that we've been seeing
across all different sellside uh reports
uh that have been coming out saying that
this is really important for the rally
to continue to go further and we're
talking about the record amount of
savings of Chinese households and that's
23 trillion uh trillion dollars and we
are already seeing some kind of flow
into the equity market um with household
deposits falling 0.6% 6% in June. So
that's a signal that the tide is
starting to change here. And JP Morgan
actually is estimating 350 billion
dollars of that household moving into
stocks by end of next year, which they
think is going to prop up the market by
20%. And it's not just them, right? We
also have um Goldman Sachs saying that
this excessive household uh deposits and
also HSBC pointing to this household
deposit being key catalyst. Um and
actually when we talked to Bank of
America just last week they say that yes
they are expecting um the the
contribution from the household. However
um because of just overall how this
household deposit is still providing
some support for um general um investors
we will see this trend to be quite
gradual.
>> Wish is thanks so much for joining us.
That was our Bloomberg Asia equities
reporter and this actually dubtales
really nicely into the conversation
we've got coming up with Goldman Sachs
for instance because they're saying stay
invested stay overweight Chinese
equities as well with that conversation
coming up at the bottom of the hour with
Sefue.
>> Yeah, Sefue and Kinder their team
upgrading their price targets when or
year end targets there for the CSI 300.
Right. So that certainly is one thing we
want to watch very closely here in ter
in terms of your agenda. We talked about
stocks like Alibaba. We talked about
BYYD. Those are going to be seeing some
pretty massive swings I believe here
today as well. That Asshare rally though
might continue. We'll see, right? Given
what we've been hearing from the AI
space here. So, Cambercon like still on
watch today. Uh offshore, we're still
talking about the strength, right? We
basically continue to see that that fix
from the PBOC does nudge the currency a
little bit towards the stronger end of
things. We talk about uh the the off
well we're talking about the private
gauge now of PMI numbers from rating dog
now coming in later on as well. High
board still remains high. We'll see how
that fares for the Hong Kong market here
today. Of course, we are still trying to
digest what really came out of that SEO
meeting over the weekend.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Lots of headlines
crossing from that. A lot of questions
around that relationship between Chinese
President Xi Jinping, India as well
vowing to rebuild the ties between those
two countries amid the pressures from
the US trade war. Take a listen.
>> Being friendly neighbors and mutually
supportive partners and realizing the
dragon elephant dancing together should
be the right choice for both sides.
Both of those sides of course meeting at
the the Shanghai Corporation Summit in
Tanzin on Sunday. Let's get more with
our chief North Asia correspondent
Steven Engel who's at the event and
joins us now. And Steve of course going
into the proceedings you were already
highlighting that the the the
discussions between India and China
would be key. What do you make of what
came out over the weekend?
>> Yeah, well it's still going on today. In
fact, the screens behind me will very
soon be filled with uh you know, images
of the live images in the building next
door to us of the leaders that are
gathered here for the SEO. 26 uh
partners, observers and member nations,
10 member nations, most recently
Bellarus joining, but those leaders will
be here uh and we're expecting a speech
very shortly from President Xiinping.
But the dynamic between Xiinping and
Narendra Modi is the most interesting
one to me and to most of the
participants here because of India's
longstated uh policy of strategic uh
autonomy essentially. Uh they do not
necessarily have any written formal
security treaties with anyone. Yes, they
are part of the Quad which is the United
States, Australia, uh Japan and India.
Yes, they're also a part of the BRICS
nation as a really the largest member of
the so-called global south and they are
a member of the SEO which X she X she X
she X she X she X she X she X she X she
X she Xiinping clearly set up 24 years
ago to be a bit of a counterweight to
the US-led world order now as fate would
have it the United States under Donald
Trump has sort of attacked India on the
trade front with tariffs of upwards of
50% and the word the scuttle But around
the hall here is that this has been a
gift to Xiinping and the Chinese to try
and get a diplomatic opening and repro
with India which China and India have
had difficulties as recently as 5 years
ago with a border skirmish.
>> Okay. So obviously we've seen ways that
the two nations can deepen their ties. I
mean what what's coming up next? I know
Modi and Putin are expected to meet too.
>> Yeah, that's right. So she and Modi,
excuse me, she and Putin have already
met. They're going to be meeting again.
Whether we're going to get any sizable
deals coming out of that as they expand
their no limits partnership. Obviously,
we're going to be watching any kind of
energy cooperation, whether Vladimir
Putin can convince the Chinese to
resurrect the power of Siberia 2 gas
pipeline. That is maybe a pipe dream of
course for Vladimir Putin at this point.
But again, energy will be front and
center there. We're also expecting
further talks between Xiinping and
Narendra Modi. They've already announced
Modi himself yesterday announcing that
the two countries will resume their uh
flights, direct flights between the two
countries that were halted about 5 years
ago. Halted during the pandemic, but
never resumed because of their border
disputes. Now, both of those leaders are
saying we need to put our differences on
the border aside and build the
friendship again. It's an opportunity
and opening for China given the friction
that has evolved between India and
Washington DC and it all culminates it's
a separate event culminates on Wednesday
with that big military parade in the
streets of Beijing through Tenement
Square past the forbidden city.
>> All right and you will be there all
week. Thank you. Stephen Engel there our
chief North Asia correspondent joining
us out of Tanzin this morning. Still
ahead, Indonesian President Probosto
faces his toughest test since taking
office after violent protests rocked the
country over the weekend. But first,
we'll be dissecting Alibaba's first
quarter earnings with Tanfang Global
Research Institution. Their outlook, of
course, for food delivery and its AI
cloud business. And we're kind of the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
Hong Kong. This is your Monday morning.
Futures are in the green this morning.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, the big stock to watch today
is of course Alibaba on the back of
those earnings that we got and really
reporting that surge in revenue from
China's AI boom and the announcement of
course of this new AI chip, right? Is
this going to be the next contender here
and the challenger to Nvidia certainly
is the big discussion after we've been
talking about Capricorn and the like
here of late. The results may help
actually ease some of those concerns
among investors about the impact of this
intense price war on its e-commerce
business.
>> Yeah, I mean it's interesting. We've
been discussing how going into the
numbers, it was really that big focus on
the e-commerce business and the price
wars we're seeing in the food delivery
business. Coming out of it though, it's
really shifted back onto the AI store
and you saw price targets being lifted.
For instance, Goldman Sachs, Morgan
Stanley, Morgan Stanley as well saying
that Alibaba has China's best AI enabler
thesis. Uh but let's get more on the
figures now, the earnings and bring in
our next guest. Uh this is Karen Kong,
head of Tangfing, Tangfang rather,
Global Research Institution in Shanghai.
Karen, thanks very much for joining us
this morning. Those who've been saying
it's really that big shift back onto the
AI story. What was your reaction or your
reading from the numbers?
Oh, it's pretty good like results from
this quarter for Ali because if you look
look at the numbers for the revenue
groups like uh yeah growth and also for
the CMR it's also shows like strong
demand for the uh uh for the uh
e-commerce from the October uh platform
and it also increase like 10% year
although the ITA like uh uh lower than
the market expectation but we if we look
at the reason uh because of the scaling
of the quick commerce and also if we
look at the AI uh air sector uh is
better and also beat the marketplace at
increase like percent year growth it
shows like strength demand of AI demand
in China and also uh we can see like the
Ali provides like fourstep AI products
uh although the quick commerce people
like saying that Oh, they are invest too
much on the uh the on the consumption uh
platform. But if we so uh we if you look
up the numbers the MAU the DAU and also
the per daily user increase uh from uh
since the investment on the quick
commerce.
>> Okay. Um when it comes to the food
delivery side then do do you are you
confident that the company can actually
kind of work out the economics of this
in the next few months or so? I mean in
terms of when do you expect the losses
uh in the quick commerce business to
actually start to to peak?
Yeah, because uh if uh people are saying
like oh yeah it's very competitive in
the quick commerce why uh Ali invested
so much money but if we look in the long
run in the long term you have to like to
really competitive still in the Chinese
stock domestic market and also we can
see like uh the customer also they have
new demand for the quick commerce so
those numbers shows like they are uh the
they MAU like increase like uh 20 25%
year-year growth MAU and also like we
can like uh pro they provides and
continues to increase uh strongly uh for
the modernization also for the
advertising and also so for the MR. So
uh from my point of view if you see new
like opportunity in the incommerce like
platform and that really like shows like
customer they need those uh those like
commerce service you have to like
competitive and investment in this
sector from the long point of view
>> right
>> so so how long then do you think it
takes to bear fruit then these
investments they're making in quick
commerce in particular when do you
actually see that starting to to impact
the bottom line and not being a drag.
>> Karen, can you if you can hear me? I'm
asking about the investments they're
making.
>> The investments they're making in quick
commerce, how long until that actually
starts to be meaningful and have a
meaningful contribution?
uh I think from the uh the the the
December sector uh December quarter we
will see like
uh also they're very uh competitive
furious competitive in the market but we
we will see like uh meaningful like uh
progress in the quick commerce and also
uh it it's good for the market it's good
for the customer and good for the users.
And will like um the modernization
will comes after that
>> right car we got to leave it there but
thank you so much Karen Kong joining us
there from Tong Global Research
Institution. There you go. That pop that
you're seeing in the pre-market and
Alibaba basically mirroring what we saw
in the ADRs on Friday there 15%. uh
certainly is going to be on the whole AI
revenue surge and the like and really uh
it's going to goes to show right that
now we can actually add AI into this
whole or at least Alibaba into this
whole list of challengers to Nvidia. The
fact that they're actually reducing the
reliance on Nvidia in particular I think
is quite a bold move.
>> Well, it's it's really it's really
important and it and it also really
tracks very closely to the reporting
we've had around H20. China's been very
clear that they don't want tech
companies in China using H20. they need
to look for these alternatives and that
of course continues to drive that need
for self-reliancy. But yes, very
interesting reporting from the Wall
Street Journal on Friday and you can
again see those big market moves. Uh BYD
of course is the other story because I
mean their results are are telling a
very different story because it's still
around that intense price competition
but you're seeing it reflected in a very
different way.
>> Yeah. And it's it's rare to see the
company actually have a surprise drop
right in quarterly profit, right?
because they have always been the leader
when it comes to the whole EV race and
then such. So given the sharp what we
saw decline in the second quarter net
income, that certainly is a worrying
sign for the whole EV sector on just
where we are in this price war. Uh there
were down some 8% right now for that
stock as well. So certainly continue to
watch those two big stocks here today.
We got plenty more ahead. Pre-market is
looking like this here in Hong Kong as
well. So you have us still seeing punchy
punchy gains. We're up about 430 points
or so.
I that may not. So that mean that's the
last. Yeah, there you go. 1.7%.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
So stops to watch at the moment. Yeah,
we talk about Baba, right? There you go.
15% gains there on the back of those
earnings and of course announcement of
this new AI chip. Uh certainly is the
thing that's fueling the stock here
right now. BYD as we talked about there
a rare miss when it comes to the the net
income and the sharp decline that we saw
there. So that stock heading south this
morning. Other sort of earnings to tell
you about is Tangi Lithium that also
reported. Country Garden also came out
with some numbers there. Uh first half
net loss at 19 billion remmbb. Tangi was
also a miss though but the stock is
heading higher this morning. In terms of
chipmakers are watching, of course, just
given the whole AI chip theme from
Alibaba, that there you go. No surprise.
It's giving the likes of SMNC and Hugh
another big jolt there in energy in the
whole homegrown AI chipmaker space.
Right. Capricorn certainly is the one we
watch at the open on shore just a few
minutes time here. There was also uh the
US revoking those waiverss for Samsung
and SKH to use uh technologies the US
technologies in their Chinese operators.
So that certainly is one thing to look
ahead to as well. Yeah, it certainly
continues to jeopardize, as you said,
revoking it Beijing's access to certain
technologies, and that's really uh what
drives, as you said, that that
continuing quest for self-reliancy and
that need to have homegrown
semiconductor companies. But shifting
now to take a look at what's happening
with the pre-market session. Looking
like you're going to have a very, very
healthy day ahead. No surprise, of
course, it's really going to come down
to the Alibaba numbers and how much
that's going to be lifting sentiment
across the board after what's been a
fairly mixed earning season so far from
the Chinese companies. But we'll have
more ahead with the opens. You're
watching the China Show and this is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning and counting down to
the open of markets here. here. I mean,
we're kicking off for a new month and
we've been talking about how September
is going to be really blockbuster from a
US equity side with a US jobs,
inflation, Fed decision coming up just
in the next 14 days. But in China, it's
really that question as well. You've had
the big stock rally. Is that going to be
climbing for for for another month,
derivatives wages are showing us that
investors are starting to a little bit
skeptical about the rally? Yeah,
certainly when you look at over signs of
overhe that certainly is one thing that
you could find snippets of that here but
really you continue to see that this is
now maybe an earnings sort of driven
story right you talk about some of the
tech earnings as well that are still
quite resilient and Alibaba certainly is
front and center here today that you
know in terms of really becoming the
next challenger to Nvidia with this new
AI chip that theme can continue right
self-reliance and the like so certainly
that might be helping most of the sort
of the growth plays but really this
rally which started in the banks, right?
Something that was very defensive. Now
seems to be this rotation into the
growth theme. Is this a sign of a
healthy market and healthy sort of bull
run here, which has been somewhat of a
slow one, right? Um and so certainly
this is one thing to watch. CSI 300,
there you go. We're still up about half
1%. 4500, we're staying above that level
here right now, which is quite uh
interesting as well. Flip side, you're
seeing a little bit of red when it comes
to bonds here this morning. Uh but yes,
we're watching very closely what happens
uh particularly in Hong Kong, right?
Most of the price action you're seeing
today is because of Alibaba. BYD
certainly is the other one. Uh which
might weigh on things, but today it's
really about tech. Look at tech now.
We're up about two and a half%. Alibaba
is up 18% right now. I got to zoom in.
My eyes are not that good now at this
age. Uh 18% for Alibaba here right now.
Uh certainly is just goes to show that
the China AI push theme is intact here
right now. Uh and really those those
signs that you're seeing in the
e-commerce space, you know, you know,
there's a lot of analysts and sellside
analysts out there saying that perhaps
we're going to see the losses peak
pretty much in the September quarter
that maybe things are could be turning
around at on that front as well. So
there you go. The stock is up 17%. Take
a look and see my sins on my terminal.
Really the one definitely one of the
biggest moves that we've seen uh since
March of 2022. There you go for Alibaba.
Uh that is lifting the rest of the tech
space. Look at B is up some 5%. 10 cent
also up 2% Xiaomi as well uh and the
chip space right so we are still seeing
SMIC and Hongong doing quite good Cracon
Tech of course just given the warning
from the company last week maybe that's
why we're seeing some marginal declines
here against the grain but certainly uh
the fact is that you are seeing uh more
of these local chip makers uh really
kind of coming through with the more uh
you know breakthroughs is certainly is
one thing to watch right so uh Goldman
Sachs boosting Capricorn price target
that's also one thing to watch there the
forecasting again on AI gains. So there
uh that is another thing to watch as
well. In terms of the property side that
is still doing okay here. Um we're
watching of course these are the Hong
Kong developers uh not the Chinese ones
mind you but obviously Hibbore coming
back in a big way and now we are well
above that 3% level. Uh we'll see how
that fares but that certainly is at
least helping uh the property developers
in Hong Kong today as well. EV stocks as
well. Right. We're given what BYD did.
Right. There you go. We're down some 7%
uh posting that 30% drop in quarterly
profit which is a surprise one uh for
the market here today. So the EV sector
is feeling the chills once again of this
price war but certainly not uh bringing
down the overall investor confidence
that we're seeing a lot of optimism in
the market today and and one of the
things as well that provided a boost
last week was Goldman Sachs because they
raised their 12-month target for the CSI
300 from 4500 to 4900. Let's bring in
Sefue now China portfolio strategist at
Goldman Sachs. So thanks so much for
joining us this morning. Talk to us
about this. What was it that led to you
to you seeing or your team seeing the
CSI 300 trending a lot higher into year
end.
>> Yeah. uh if we look at August
performance CSI 300 have already gained
10% which we think it's triggered by
policy and the liquidity lead rally we
think it's going to sustain because uh
if we look at the past years many
positive catalyst and policies have
materialized including the AI we have
talking about the AI optimism start from
February this year and also from the uh
micro perspective from last September
we've already seen uh the macro is
turning to the easing side including
fiscal monetary and also anti-evolution
policies recently. All these policies
give people hope for some potential
earnings improvement. So that is one
reason as we see which may continue
giving people positive expectation on
the market and on the other hand is if
we look at valuation and fund
positioning is still not stretched yet
despite the recent rally. If we look at
the MCI China and CSS 300's 12 months
forward PE, uh CSS 300 is trading at
14.5 times which is closer to our fair
PE forecast. Uh in our new report, we
raise our PE forecast to uh 15.8 times
as the fair level if it's a liquidity on
scenario as what we are seeing. So
that's why we think on valuation there's
still room to go especially when compare
globally. We look at the top 10 markets,
eight of them are trading closely to
their all-time high. But for China, we
are still about 30%. Far from the high.
>> If you're looking at what's really
causing this sort of slow bull run,
people always kind of point to people
are, you know, retail investors, they're
shifting their savings to stocks. Bond
yields are heading lower. Therefore,
they're forced to kind of, you know,
move their money into to to equities. Is
that going to be sort of a big theme
kind of underpinning this rally? How
much of that is actually happening? You
think
>> uh we do see that as a potential source
of inflow to the market but so far it's
not that stretched yet. If we compare we
have a risk sentiment proxy that we
created as a comprehensive indicator for
the sentiment level. Currently it's less
than one standard deviation above the
average. Last October it's 1.5 standard
deviation above. In 2015 it's 2.5
standard deviation above. So that means
we are not at that peak level. Uh we do
see the margin balance and turnover
increased. Uh but if we look at new
accounts opening, if we look at new
capital raised by domestic mutual funds,
it's still just slightly above average.
So we still see room for households to
move in. Especially we have seen over 55
trillion R&B deposit excessive deposit
have accumulated since co that is a huge
potential. I mean there's there's the
retail side but there's also the
institutional side and and what do you
think then you maybe getting a pick up
in in foreign investor interest but
you're not really seeing it maybe as as
much in their actual allocations and
does that start to also close a little
bit the gap do you think? We do see
foreign investors are also getting in
especially hedge funds are still the
first movers. In August we have seen the
hedge funds net exposure to China has
raised 180 beeps which is a pretty
meaningful change just within one month
and now we are back to the median level.
For global long only they are kind of
more cautious because uh we are still
not seeing fundamental improvement yet.
uh so the liquiditydriven rally is
always feel uncomfortable to them. So
that's why we see they are kind of
slower but we are also seeing marginal
improvement in their allocation. Yeah,
you had a question here before about
which sentiment inning are we in in
China a shares
>> right now. What sort of metrics do I
look at? Right. We we've talked about
margins, we talked about turnover, but
you know when you're looking at
indicators, what's going to be the key
thing to watch whether this rally is
overheated or not?
>> Yeah. Uh definitely margins and
turnovers are quite obvious ones. Many
people said them. Uh we also think they
are sensitive to all the sentiment. But
besides that, we also look at small
versus large caps performance. We also
see post IPO performance and also we
look at the new capital raised by
domestic mutual funds because if retail
investors want to buy equities nowadays
they they are not only buy directly but
they also can buy ETFs or mutual funds.
So these are all the metrics we look at.
So our indicator uh include se 11
different measures and we create them as
a comprehensive one.
>> Do we need to be concerned though about
the the economic data? I mean we've been
talking about the housing price slump.
It extended over the last month. PMI
data still in contraction. How much is
that weighing on you? Just the general
economic picture.
>> Yeah. Uh we still see on macro side
maybe in the second half we will see
some sequential softness. Uh because in
the first half actually the data was
pretty resilient. Uh especially on
exports is much better than people
expected. Uh so for the full year we
think it's likely we can achieve the 5%
growth target. We don't think there's
much risk but in terms of sequential uh
momentum uh probably on the macro side
we are still expecting data to remain a
little bit softer than the market
>> in terms of leadership I mean obviously
we talked about it was the financials
before that really was the standout
before maybe a few months ago now it
seems to be really growth stocks right
can this rotation continue
>> we do see investors are adding a little
bit more to high beta stocks uh growthy
stocks because of the market rally euro
we see small cap tends to outperform in
this scenario also growth stock tend to
outperform value. So that's why we do
see uh slightly offflows from the
shareholder return portfolio and adding
a little bit to tech to materials upper
stream sectors that may benefit from the
anti-evolution policies and also a
little bit in consumer space as well
more recently. Uh so we do see this kind
of shift but we still think especially
like long-term investor pension funds
they will keep a meaningful portion in
the safe like pockets like the
shareholder strategy as well. So it's
kind of more balanced portfolio as we
see.
>> I like the point you have in your report
the question what could go wrong what do
you see then as as the big risk because
you're kind of overwhelmingly optimistic
I would say.
>> Yeah. uh so far as I said valuation
hasn't been too stretched but a lot of
people are worried if valuation is
becoming too high uh then whether it
will lead to a correction but as we see
historically valuation itself does not
necessarily lead to correction usually
it's the turning point comes from policy
changes especially if we look at 2015 is
the tightening on liquidity and in 2021
is the regulation on POE so usually the
correction is triggered by policy
changes but this time we think the
chance is smaller especially given all
the macro challenges so that's what also
a reason why we think the rally tends to
be sustainable uh at this time uh I
think the key risk is more from
fundamental improvement whether it will
come slower than people expected because
if without earnings improvement to
support the rally valuation may looks
too high then so that's why uh we think
into looking into the next one to two
quarters. Earnings delivery could be the
key to watch.
>> I'm looking at your new year end
targets. You you kept MCI China at 90
but you upgraded CSI 300. Is that are
you leaning more towards a shares now?
>> Uh actually we still keep for both index
targets they imply around 10% upside at
this moment. Uh so for a shares we do
think the liquidity environment is fing
a shares a little bit more. uh but for H
shares as we mentioned like the internet
sector is one of our favorite sector and
we are seeing fundamental remains
resilient there so that's why we still
keep a more balanced view on both market
but liquidity favors a a little bit
>> I'm looking at high one month highore in
Hong Kong now it it's well above 3% back
to those levels again should I be
worried
>> uh so far we don't think liquidity is
key concern for the equity market
because uh the Key source of inflows we
are looking at is the global equity
funds. They may reallocate some money
from like the US market, European market
to Asia market. So the potential there
is large not only in the Hong Kong
within the Hong Kong market actually the
capital poor can be globally. So uh I
don't think that is a key concern at
this moment.
>> Zu, thank you so there China portfolio
strategist at Goldman Sachs. Uh coming
up, Indonesia rocked by violent protests
over the weekend and what might be
President Poanto's
biggest test since he took office in
October. We have details coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
[Applause]
Indonesian President Poanto calling for
calm following violent demonstrations
over the weekend. Parliament has now
scrapped controversial lawmaker perks
that triggered public outrage over
inequality and rising living costs.
Let's bring in Ferris Mar. He joins us
now from Jakarta with the latest. Um,
obviously some quite disturbing pictures
out there and and certainly there seems
to be still a lot of tension right now,
but can you tell us first and foremost
what triggered the protests and what are
the people demanding?
>> Yes, Ivonne, if you are in Jakarta right
now, like you know the bustling streets,
Jakarta is known for its massive traffic
jams, but if you're on the roads right
now, it's eerily quiet. you know there's
uh you know uh subdued environment in
the capital city of Indonesia which is
still reeling from massive protest last
week and the flash point was actually
anger among the people directed towards
the excessive lifestyle the extravagance
displayed by the political elites who
continued to actually ask for you know
uh greater perks. So one of the trigger
points was actually the request by
parliamentarians to to increase their
housing allowance and that is seen by
the people as disjointed as some sort of
a disconnect because the reality on the
ground is is very very different. uh
looking at the stats alone for example
you know 60% of the workforce are
informal workers less than 10% of the
workforce uh are graduates very very
different compared to other countries
you know people are struggling on the
daily basis and then they look at the
lawmakers making such extravagant
requests it seems to be rubbing salt on
their wounds so that triggered uh you
know the days of protest that we have
seen last
PBOa was was spoke last night in a in a
televised address from the presidential
palace. What was the the key message
that he was trying to send? Then
>> the key message was really an olive
branch to the people. There was a
gathering you know between the president
as well as the other political leaders
where they decided that you know they
are u-turning or walking back from uh
you know granting the parliamentarians
those higher allowances. In fact they
are cutting back on other
parliamentarian uh expenses as well
including a moratorium on overseas
travels. Uh there have been critics who
said that you know the president uh his
government and the parliament could have
intervened earlier could have made this
olive branch earlier. Uh but the point
that the president has delivered is that
you know while protesters or the people
you know could demonstrate do so
peacefully uh without you know
committing any sort of like you know
anarchy which the authorities would
clamp down on going forward. The
government is taking a firmer stand on
acts of anarchy but the main message of
the president is to really control the
unrest is really to to calm the
situation not inflame it. He has urged
the parliamentarians and other political
leaders, you know, to to sort of invite
the the student leaders uh who are at
the forefront of the protest and other
protest leaders, you know, to to have a
dialogue basically.
>> And and I mean it certainly has been a
pretty tumultuous, as you could say,
start uh for the president here since he
of course became Indonesia's leader
here. What do you think is the the the
path forward now for Pabo?
You're absolutely right because you know
if you recall in February there was
another massive protest over uh one of
the president's policies uh and it has
been you know a tumultuous tenure for
him since assuming the leadership in
October last year after he won the
presidential election. uh there hasn't
been yet you know uh till now it's it's
approaching a year to his presidency but
uh you know the situation in in
Indonesia and on the back of the
protests are unnerving foreign investors
are unnerving the business community uh
we are already seeing uh the central
bank saying that they're going to
intervene in the markets because
Indonesian markets is going to open in a
few minutes and uh the authorities the
government are expecting you know the
markets to take a hit following uh last
week's uh turn of events going forward.
Uh the protests definitely would shake
up the political elites in the sense
that the people are increasingly
scrutinizing what the lawmakers are
doing. every step that they make, the
people are watching and it is set to
sort of redefine how the political
elites maneuver their way, navigate
their way, not just in terms of like you
know their personal lives but also in
terms of policym but as of now and as
what have been much discussed over the
last few months what the markets are
still waiting to watch is a clear
strategy as to how the president is
going to steer Southeast Asia's largest
country to achieve that ambitious 8%
growth. At this point, given the
economic slowdown domestically coupled
with the international geopolitical
headwinds, uh it remains to be seen
whether the president have a clear
direction to lead the country forward.
>> That was Ferris Mocktar there in
Jakarta. Thanks very much for your time.
And of course, it is that just
increasing political unrest rather we're
seeing in two major markets in Southeast
Asia. The other one of course Thailand
where political jostling is intensifying
following the court ordered ouster of
prime minister pa tong tan shinowatt the
fuai party backed by shinawatt's
influential client met with executives
of the people's party to seek support to
form a government. People's party is the
single biggest group in parliament and
is in pole position to anoint the next
prime minister.
>> Yep. So Southeast Asia market is
certainly one to watch uh whether it's
Jakarta, whether it's Thailand that
opens up here. Uh certainly one thing
we're watching is some of the data
coming out of China. So this is the
private gauge of the China PMI numbers
here 50.5. So looking better than the
prior month and better than expected
here and in expansion. So at least that
uh is a good sign after what we saw over
the weekend with the official PMIs that
remained in contraction for the
manufacturing side of things there. So
you do see the rem strengthening a
little bit after that. You're watching
silver bell. Yeah, we actually just had
another red head crossing the terminal
here about silver crossing the $40 an
ounce mark. This is the highest level
we're actually seeing going back to
2011. The principal catalyst for this. I
mean, people are talking about the
strength that was seen in gold and and
that is also off these expectations
around Fed easing. We've got the Fed
meeting later this month in September
and silver as well getting a bit of a
helping hand from the industrial demand
that we see given its use in solar
panels as well. But quite a milestone
you're seeing there for silver prices.
this morning. I will have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, some of the global headlines that
we're following this morning. A US court
has ruled that President Trump's global
tariffs were issued illegally under an
emergency law. The move upholds a May
ruling by the Court of International
Trade. The majority of judges left the
tariffs intact while the case proceeds
as Trump has requested. The president
had earlier warned that striking down
the levies would harm US foreign policy.
And the Trump administration is
proposing strict new visa limits for
Chinese journalists in the US, limiting
their stay to just 90 days. The proposal
includes new restrictions for students
and exchange visas with their stays
limited to a maximum of four years. The
move comes amid a broader immigration
crackdown from the US which has seen
Washington set up visa relications. Yep.
You take a look when it comes to markets
and Hong Kong remains the standout here
today actually bucking the trend here
where we're seeing downside of the rest
of the region. Hong Kong is still doing
well. We're up 1.6% but some big moves
in the chip space in particular here in
particular is we actually seeing
Cabricon and Huah Hong Semi now in in
more in the negative territory here.
Camera down 7%. That's despite Goldman
Sachs boosting the price target of the
stock for a second time in a few weeks
as well on the back of those earnings.
They say that it continues to fuel
expectations of increased AI chip seg
segments there. But Alibaba is really
what's lifting most of the the tech
gauge here today. Take a look at that.
We're up 15 16% here. That's the biggest
move we've seen in about I think three
years for that stock on the back of this
whole AI push from Alibaba. BYD of
course a surprise sharp decline when it
comes to second quarter net income
market. Certainly uh feeling that here
this morning we're down some 5 and a.5%.
In terms of your dashboard, this is what
we're looking at in terms of China here.
Onshore markets are flat right now, but
Hong Kong is what up 1.6% here. MCI
China also seeing some punchy gains here
this morning. And really, it is the the
tech space that is lifting overall
sentiment this morning. We got plenty
more coming up. You're watching the
China Show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And we are doing quite well
here in Hong Kong. In fact, we are one
of the leaders uh here in the region
here when the rest of the markets are
feeling this sense of I guess a bit of
tension as we count down to 14 days of
pretty uh plenty of event risk when it
comes to USCPI jobs numbers and the Fed
all happening in the next two weeks or
so. But Hong Kong still continues to
stand out here and really Alibaba is the
one that's really kind of lifting uh the
benchmark here this morning with the
stock now seeing doubledigit gains here
and the highest we've seen for Alibaba
since 2022. Yeah, really strong results
on on a well, not across the board
really for Alibaba. We actually saw it
sort of underperforming in some key
areas, but cloud was really the standout
for the business and it's that AI story
that's very much intact once again for
the business. And so that is really a
feeding into the sentiment today. But as
you said, really actually Asian equities
are under pressure today and we've come
into the day, the start of the trading
week with a couple of bad headlines. I
think the main one that we're seeing
across Asia today because you can see it
reflected in the nicke there, you can
see it in the Cosby as well. But
essentially the US commerce department
removing Samsung SKH Highix from the
list of entities authorized to move some
goods from China without a license. And
so off the back you are seeing those
chip makers uh that are really in the
red today. So that is again weighing on
the picture. US Trump tariffs as well
also being deemed illegal uh being
upheld by US appeals court as well at
the end of last week. But as you said
we're heading into a very very pivotal
two weeks. You've got US jobs, you've
got US inflation data, and then as well,
you cap it off with that Fed rate
decision. And ahead of that, really,
it's been that key question as to where
equities go from from there, depending
of course on what JPAL signals around
the path of easing.
>> Yep. We got to talk about Jakarta though
because that market is just opening up
and of course because of the protest
that we saw over the weekend. Certainly
the tension on the streets. We just
talked to our colleague Ferris. Is that
certainly still ongoing here? Right now
we're seeing JCI down some 3 and a.5%.
Now this is on the back of the decline
that we saw of 1 and a half% on Friday
already when these protests broke out.
We heard from over the weekend from the
president revoking some of those
lawmaker perks that really kind of
triggered the sort of unrest uh already
here. A lot of questions about of you
know now that we talk about what this
means for the fiscal side of things. Are
they going to have to do something when
it comes to government spending to just
appease protesters on the streets?
There's certainly going to be a lot of
lingering questions on how long these
tensions are going to last.
>> Yeah. And also be watching very closely
the currency because we've actually had
the central bank stepping in to say we
are going to be stabilizing and that
again we just had a further reiteration
of that this morning. They're very much
focused on on the currency risk as well.
Uh but taking a look at what we're
seeing across the board for semis and
semi-related names this morning. You can
see here Cambercon very much under
pressure. Alibaba though he said
standing out post those readings or
those earnings rather. and BYD. I mean,
it hasn't been a great set of earnings
for that company and they're really
showing as well all the competitive
pressures that they face in in the in
the autos market. All right, let's get
to our Mary Nicolola, our Mline market
strategist who joins us now talking a
lot of things. Um, but certainly the
Hong Kong this equity rally is certainly
sticking out like a sore thumb given the
rest of the markets in Asia is not doing
so well, but it seems like it's Alibaba
that's lifting this market by itself.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And what we're seeing
is that it just reaffirms that
resurgence of the AI boom that's
happening in China. So obviously what we
saw from Alibaba was a was positive
news, especially after we've seen some
mixed results um over this earning
season. So we've had essentially a
lackluster earning season, but Alibaba
just sort of confirms that the AI boom
is still there. it's still going to be
one of the key catalysts that's driving
um the China the China surge, the Hong
Kong surge. And of course, you also have
that that that renewed um interest from
from local buyers who are sitting on a
massive savings glut that are
transitioning some of their their money
that's sitting in deposits into the
stock market. And that's also um helping
with the the surge that we're seeing in
the equity markets.
Okay, so that's sort of the the China
story and the earnings story. What else
are you watching in the session today,
Mary?
>> So, obviously we have Labor Day uh in
the US, so it's going to be a relatively
quiet day. Um, but I think obviously the
key thing here for this week is just
going to be on the labor market report.
So, obviously, if we're looking at, you
know, what does it solidify bets from
the Fed overall? Um we think that the
pre the pressure on the dollar is likely
to si to stay especially if you're going
to see rate cut backs confirmed but as
well you're also seeing there's still
that lingering pressure and the tension
between uh the Fed and the US the
politicization of the Fed that is also
going to be a drag on the on the dollar
and then of course this week you've got
um Japan auctions you've got a 10-year
and a 30-year auction both of which
could add to the pressure on the long
end of the curve. So, of course, the the
what you're seeing in the political side
in France is putting upward pressure on
yields um and and especially on the
30-year yields with concerns about
sustainability. And of course, what
we're going to see from the auctions
coming through from Japan is going to
have similar repercussions. So I think
broadly I think if we look at where
yields are headed especially the
longerdated yields they're probably
headed higher this week.
>> Um I want to get your take on Indonesia
Mary. There's a lot going on there. Uh
we're hearing from the Bank Indonesia
continuing to intervene in offshore and
onshore markets there as as they try to
seek some sort of stability but
certainly we continue to see this market
uh describe a bit of a risk premium
right now. How should we be looking at
this kind of new political risk that is
hitting this market now?
>> Yeah, it's interesting because just a
few days ago we had hit record highs in
on the on this on in stocks and um in
Indonesian stocks, but now obviously
with the political risks that's going to
cloud the impact especially because a
lot what we saw in terms of the surge
was due to inflows and and foreigner
foreign inflows coming back. that's
going to actually probably investors are
going to stay on the sidelines just
watching how this unfolds. And of course
the political outlook makes the outlook
for stocks for assets a lot murkier
going forward because as as it unfolds
and of course as unfortunately how it
unfolded into something a lot more
dangerous and a lot more risky is going
to keep um investors on the sidelines.
So, I think you're likely to see a lot
more pressure on Ind Indonesian stocks
over the over the over the short term,
especially with the political risks um
rising.
Mary, thank you. Mary Nicola there, our
live strategist for the latest. Uh
there's certainly a lot going on here
right now. And we're also checking BYD
shares. And you know, given what we saw,
right, this second quarter net income
decline, uh that was quite sharp. The
stock is also dropping quite sharply as
well. I think we're down some 8% or more
or so. There you go, 6%. And now we come
off a little bit, but here to join us
now is Bloomberg intelligence analyst
Joanna Chen. Um, it seems like there's a
lot of worries in this market when the
fact that even the market leader can
still struggle in the face of this price
war that sends a quite chilling message
to the market here. But what's your take
on these results?
>> Yeah, so uh by the second quarter
definitely a miss with a sharp uh
decline in margins. Well, uh, if we
break down the numbers though, the
average selling price was actually
pretty stable because BY had higher
exports that kind of helped offset the
domestic price cuts. So, it's really the
cost that drag net profit per car lower.
If we think about it, BY had higher uh
bomb cost, which is bill of materials
because they have this started to
refresh its models by equipping the
smart driving systems uh as standard
across its lineup. And then we have like
uh additional uh bonuses to dealers at
the end of the first half and also they
continue to invest very aggressively
into R&D. So everything adding up
together that here we go the margin
drop. Uh looking into second half we
still see like competitive pressure very
intense for B going to second half. Uh
so we don't think the margin will go
back to 2024 levels just yet. Still it
will show improvement sequential
improvement versus a very tough second
quarter because well inventories are now
largely normalized through the end of
July. So there is less deto pressure and
then we also have uh definitely a demand
bump in fourth quarter because uh China
will introduce a higher EUV tax uh
starting in 2026. So consumer will take
the lead before that.
>> Where we saw some strength though was in
the international division and better
sales abroad. How much can that sort of
cushion the impact that you're seeing
from that intense price war at home?
>> Well, definitely offer some cushion, but
apart from the second quarter result,
seems like it's still not enough when
the domestic competitive pressure is so
intense. But definitely overseas
expansion uh if we look at the numbers
from BY's first half results, overseas
business are more profitable uh than
domestic ones and also growing much
faster. So that will play out as a very
important long-term strategy for BY uh
for BY's growth internationally. Yeah,
>> Joanna, thank you. Joanna Chen there,
our Bloomberg Intelligence Asia auto
analyst on BYD. Coming up, we're going
live from Tangen as China's biggest
diplomatic event gets underway. A former
US diplomat joins us next on what the
event signals about Beijing's global
ambitions. Your Asia Group coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we got to talk about Tanzin
right now. Most of China's closest
international allies are there for the
SEO summit. And although the gathering
was planned well in advance, the world
events over the past six months have
really given it far more attention and
weight. So, it has been quite timely,
right? And it really goes to show uh
what is China's influence in the global
south, right? That continues to be an
ongoing theme here with President
Trump's tariff war has ramped up
Beijing's investment push into those
developing nations. You can see it in
this chart alone how much things have
actually grown there. China's exports
over the past decade have doubled to
nations mostly across Southeast Asia,
Latin America, and the Middle East. Now,
also China exporting to Africa is also
something that we've been tracking as
well. Chinese firms are also seeking new
markets abroad and Africa has become
that new hot spot. Exports this year
alone by more than half a whole of 2020
and are on track to exceed $200 billion
dollars for the first time. So Nigeria,
South Africa and Egypt as you can see in
this pie chart there are the biggest
buyers. And this comes a time when we
are seeing a warming up of ties between
Beijing and New Delhi. this whole
reccalibration right where you have
leaders Modi and Xi Jinping they did
hold their bilateral meetings on Sunday
with both sides pledging to be partners
and not rivals Indians China are also
resuming direct flights and increasing
trade let's get more now with our chief
North Asia correspondent Steven Angel
joining us from Tangjin and Steve I mean
Ivon was just saying there that sign of
a donant or a slight repro between India
and China just how significant is that
and and what should we read in as well
to what we've heard so Ah
>> yeah I think that's the most significant
story line that we're going to be
watching right now that reproon if you
call it that between China and India we
all know here at the SEO it's been
around since 2001 so about 24 years it's
sort of she's chance to gather
like-minded nations in central Asian
nations as well as Iran and elsewhere to
find a I guess an alternative
global governance to the US-led uh world
order if you will. Uh and that's why
India while it is a member of the
Shanghai Cooperation Organization or
SEO, India has long taken a policy of
strategic autonomy. It's part of the
Quad which is alliance security alliance
with Australia, the United States and
Japan. But it's also part of bricks and
a really growing voice in the global
south and it is part of the SEO. So
clearly given the differences right now
between the Trump administration and
India over Russian
exports I should say to India that
offers an opening to the Chinese to have
that to bridge the differences and there
are a long list of differences between
India and China notably in 2020 the
border clashes just yesterday Narendra
Modi announced that they're going to be
resuming direct flights they haven't had
those since the pandmic mic and those
border skirmishes really put them on
hold. Now they're going to resume. We
don't know when but it is the beginning
of dant between New Delhi and Beijing
and that is something that Xiinping will
likely try and capitalize here at this
uh more prominent SEO. But will it be
more relevant? That's the big question.
>> Let's ask that question to our next
guest Steve Group's China practice head
and former US diplomat David Mey joining
us now from Washington. Yes. So we
talked about, you know, is the SEO in
some ways gaining in relevance? Would
you say that in in some way, David, or,
you know, to what extent can it actually
be a true alternative to Western
alliances?
>> Well, Avon, thank thanks for having me
on and Annabelle as well. Um, I think
this is a very important week, but I
don't think that the outcome is going to
be this super strong SEO. the the
members of the SEO are very much at odds
with each other for many reasons. You've
got central uh Asian members who are at
odds with Russia. You have India and
Pakistan in there and you have the India
China relationship and I know that we're
talking about this new day between China
and India. But I think the situation is
a lot more complex than that. They are
working on the border issues but they
still have far to go there. They have
trade issues. they have supply chain
issues. China's just announced this very
large dam that is going to affect India
over time. So I I think the situation
going forward will be uh quite muddled.
But I do have to say this is a huge uh
week, a very big optic uh for China
hosting the SEO and then the big
military parade on Wednesday.
>> Yeah. What is the message that's going
to be sent to the world when it comes to
this military parade? What are you be
watching out for the most, David?
Well, I would look at these two events
together. I think the SEO sends a
message that China has enormous
diplomatic convening power. It is uh it
it is doing that very well. It is
putting on a very good event and then we
will get to China showing its hard power
and you will have Putin at both of these
events. You will have uh Kim Jong-un at
the uh at the military parade. So the
world will be watching uh that very
carefully as well.
>> David, Steven Engel here in Tanzhin. I
want to get your views on India's
positioning uh towards the SEO.
Obviously, New Delhi was taken aback by
the 50% tariffs imposed by the Trump
administration. Half of those tariffs
tied to the purchases of Russian oil. Uh
do you see this as the great opening,
the great uh opportunity that Xiinping
hopes it will be or do you believe
behind the scenes in the halls behind me
uh the Indians are probably trying to
hedge their bets and not play all their
cards on the China side right now?
>> I think there's no doubt that India is
hedging very much here. All right, let's
start with what's happened with
President Trump. Yes, there's been a
very deep souring of relations between
the United States and India. But what is
happening between China and India is
actually quite independent of that.
China and India have been working on
finding a mechanism to talk about their
border issues for some time. They've
been talking about this reproach moment
for some time. Uh the uh the actions by
Trump have certainly helped all this
along. But look at what Modi's been
doing in recent days. Where was he
before the SEO? He was in Japan for 2
days and he is not staying on like Putin
is after the SEO for the military
parade. So I think we really need to pay
attention to the enduring differences
between China and India. Sure, there's
going to be some marginal improvement.
They're going to restore those flights.
They'll probably move forward on some
trade initiatives. Uh there will be
other things. But you know underlying
all this is a lot of sensitivity on
India's part about what China is as an
actor in the region.
How much reputational damage potentially
could there be for India uh being on the
same stage as Iran as Russia to a lesser
degree obviously China at a time when of
course uh they see the growing influence
at a time when the US perhaps is
destabilizing some of its longtime
alliances whether it's putting tariffs
on the Japanese on the South Koreans on
the Europeans do you see that as that
big in for the SEO as a block.
>> I don't think the SEO has shown over
time that it's developed the capacity to
launch widescale cooperation and links
among above among its members. I mean
first you got to remember it's it's it's
only uh really 10 members. Yes, we've
got uh over uh 20 countries represented
there. uh you know this is uh
relationships between the SEO and other
countries but the SEO has has really
confined itself today to to issues like
climate change counterterrorism and so
on and it will probably move forward
incrementally but as I was noting before
it is it has some issues among its
countries you know India and Pakistan
are both in the SEO and we've seen that
cause difficulty already and the central
Asian countries in the SEO are really
quite wary of Russia So I don't see the
SEO coming out of this uh elevated in a
significant way. But I do think we will
remember this week as a week where China
demonstrated that it could host both of
these events and really put on a show
for the world about the stability that
it wants to convey, the way that it is
wed to multilateralism, the way that it
wants to develop even deeper relations
with the global south and it wants to be
uh it wants to to represent uh for the
global South the opportunities for a
more open trading and economic system
that will help their development. And in
doing so, China is contrasting itself
with the United States, which of course,
as we all know, uh is in the process of
uh having launched this tariff war and
is at odds with many of its allies and
partners.
>> David, we've just got a live shot here
of of the the opening ceremony just
getting underway this morning. Just
prior to that, we'd actually just seen
Narendra Modi holding conversation with
Russian President Vladimir Putin. I
mean, we can see right here as they take
that photo opportunity, the the the
Vladimir Putin has a very prominent
position right next to Xi Jinping. But
what do you make then of of Russia's
presence at that and also the the
relationship between India and Russia in
particular?
>> Well, the India Russia relationship goes
back decades. uh India and this and and
the Soviet Union were very close uh in
those days and India has maintained uh
it its uh military supply links to
Russia and and has maintained quite a
bit of war with Russia over time and
that does not look like it's it's about
to change anytime soon. There's no s
surprise here to see Vladimir Putin on
on the stage there. Uh it it's always
been planned that he would uh attend
this event. So I wouldn't make much out
of that. But I do think the optic of
Modi being there with them in the
context of what has happened recently
between the US and India and in the
context of the India China warmth that
we're seeing at least tactically for the
moment is quite significant and we will
remember this week.
>> David, thanks very much your time this
morning. That was the Eurasia Group's
China practice head David Millie and our
chief North Asia correspondent Steven
Angel there on the ground in Tanzhin.
We'll have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
We're taking a look at HS Tech here this
morning and yeah, we're still around the
session highs. We're up about 2% and it
really is Alibaba that story that
continues here today. We talk about the
one of the biggest moves we've seen in
three years for the stock. You know, the
headline numbers are actually not, as
some analysts say, great. But it really
was what we saw in the cloud
outperformance there that really kind of
uh stood out really. And Alibaba is now
seeing one of the biggest moves since
2022. We're up some 17% right now. BU is
also doing quite well just given the
whole AI story here today remains
intact. And Mtoan though slight only
just slightly on the positive side. But
you did see that when it came to those
Alibaba numbers, the market doesn't care
that much really about the whole food
delivery stuff here right now. But at
least they there's some signs that maybe
they're making some progress even on the
food delivery side, too. Yeah, very very
cutthroat though. And Mwin, of course,
flagging that that there's going to be
further losses perhaps in in the second
half of the year. But let's take a look
at what's happening across the board
today in Asia because really if there's
one market standing out, it is Hong
Kong. Of course, you're up more than 2%
right now. Otherwise, markets are mostly
in the red today. and Japan is really
leading that sell off itself or the
nicate down nearly 2% as we head into
lunch break this morning there. What
else you're seeing of course is the
Cosby here because uh it's really that
tech story and and and these
restrictions further restrictions to
some of the chip makers on their sales
or exports to China is really playing
into the picture this morning.
>> Yep. So there you go. We're watching
very much how this liquidity driven
rally is going to continue. It seems
like at least for another day things are
looking very very good. Um we're
watching turnover very closely here
because we've been talking about we
basically hit record monthly turnover in
China uh to end the month of August here
just given the amount of uh money that
we're talking about that's gone into
this market right we talk about whether
it is savings into stocks whether it's
bond yields that are low that has pushed
people into this uh equity market
goldman sassu did say right that we
actually haven't seen that much of that
so far yet but maybe there's more
potential for this but we have plenty
more coming up with
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break here and
we are seeing when it comes to
regionally, you know, Nikay is down some
2% here. Uh and really Hong Kong and
China are standing out here as the
outperformer once again. So we're up
about 2% for the hang here. Uh and Cos
Cosby as well is down. We mentioned
about the likes of Samsung, Skhinx.
Obviously, there's this removing of the
of these waiverss that the Trump
administration had uh on their, you
know, bringing US technology to their
China operations that certainly is
weighing on some of these stocks and
some of the big tech names here this
morning.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, it's it's
it's further restricting essentially the
access that China has to advanced
technology, advanced semiconductor
manufacturing equipment, and that has
really been playing out in in the nicke
you can see and also the cost this
morning. because both of those tech
heavy indexes in the red but it is that
big standout for Hong Kong so far to
start the week and that's really that
earning story we've been spoking
speaking about Alibaba for instance but
it's just that general tech theme that
general self-reliancy theme in China as
well that's been such a standout uh for
investors
>> yep and it certainly is something that
to deal with right because it seems like
we talk about where the the the big sort
of sector flows are going into and it is
the growth stocks right before it used
to be something on the financials which
really kind of started this whole rally
in the first place here. So, we got to
kind of dig deep into some of the bank
earnings that we got uh a few days ago
as well, right? Because we saw the the
big four and what we saw in some of
these top banks was continued pressure,
right, from rising loan losses as well
as low margins. If you talk about
lenders that were led by ICBC did report
a falling or weak earnings for the first
half of 2025 on Friday there, but you
take a look at some of these bank
stocks, they're still doing relatively
speaking. Okay, joining us now is Many
Louu, China Hong Kong banks research
analyst at DBS Hong Kong Group Research.
Many, it's great to have you back on the
program. Um, your take on the numbers
that we've seen so far.
>> I think that's mostly in line with the
expectation. We do see that the NI like
the NE interest margin of the China bank
still under some pressure, but the
second quarter trend is slightly better
than first quarter. And on the loan
volume side that's still also on track
with the expectation kind of weak credit
demand but that's expected. Uh I think
there are some uh slight positive
surprise from the fee income side. We do
see some large banks such as BOC ABC and
PSBC they are reporting like 10 to 11%
yearon-year uh growth in the fe income
side. Um and I think that on the um
outlook I think that's also kind of
positive outlook for the second half uh
with a boom uh like a boom market in the
Asia market.
>> So you actually see then the the trend
higher into the second half. I mean what
is going to be driving that aside from
sort of investor optimism generally
around equities? Uh yeah, I think that's
the main driver like the uh uh the
so-called asset reallocation from the
deposit in China market uh indicating
that there are more uh investors or from
the residential side they are moving
their deposit into the uh equity market
or into the wealth management product
and that would be positive to banks uh
income in wealth management or in the
equity side. It seems like though
there's still quite strain from whether
it's cheap lending from these subsidies
as well. I'm just wondering when I take
a look at you know margins overall
margins contracted further to a record
low already of 1.42%.
>> I think they needed what at least 1.8 to
actually make a decent profit. Right. So
how much lower do you think NIMS can go?
>> Uh I think that there there is still a
few bips to go down in the rest of the
year. Um but definitely it it's on a
marginally uh stabilizing trend like if
we are not seeing like we are not uh
expecting something like the uh uh exist
existing mortgage re rep r rep r rep r
rep r rep r rep r rep r rep r rep r rep
rricing uh like what we have seen in the
past year we are not expecting that in
the rest of the year and our DBS house
view expects like 10 bips of one year
LPR cut in the rest of year so that not
really a very large trend and also we do
expect that a deposit rate cut in pay uh
like 5 to 25 bibs of deposit rate cut
for uh different terms and that would
also support the NE. So we expect that
there will still be some name pressure
but kind of a marginally stabilizing
trend.
>> Sure.
>> What about loan growth? I mean do you
see that sort of picking up at all
credit demand?
>> Uh not really actually. I think that
that would take time. Uh we do see some
encouraging policies such as the
interest interest subsidy on the
consumer loan side. uh but I think how
the real effect will be and I think that
remains uh remains to be seen um because
the residential in China is in still in
deleveraging process and how much would
this help I think still uh needs time to
show yeah
>> you mentioned the property side we
continue to see the data doesn't look
too good um how should I be looking at
risk in the property and the LGFV sector
here right now
>> uh I think for these two sectors the
obviously it's down from the pick like
the MPL ratio or the MPL new MPL
formation and think I think that's uh
definitely down from the pick. So we do
see that uh on the uh asset quality side
we see that China banks are delivering a
a st uh kind of stable uh MPL ratio and
the pressure now I think it's more from
the retail side while the corporate side
including the property and LGFB is uh
much stabilized by now
>> out of the banks then the big four which
ones stand out to you in particular
which ones are your picks or or your
preferences? Uh I think uh other than
the if we are talking about the big four
I think um my pref preferred one is uh
ABC for its highest earnings growth
continue to delivering the strongest
earnings growth among the big four banks
and also uh the valuation kind of
reasonable more reasonable now after the
share price pull back last month. uh and
among the uh other banks um like the
joint stock banks I think we kind of
like the uh city bank for its highest
yield like uh around 6% dividend yield
on it each share uh that's the highest
among the peers we track uh for uh China
merchants bank we think still have
chance in the long term but the uh in in
the interim result is f kind of
disappointed the market so may see some
near-term volatility for now
>> we talk about this rotation you know
into growth stocks right now and and
kind of taking the leadership away from
the banks which you know the dividend
play was so hot
>> just a few months ago. What what sort of
interest are you still hearing from
clients and the like on the financial
sector now on just the dividend play
alone?
>> Um yeah, I think it's true that um the
uh interest kind of rotated back to the
growth sector. uh and it actually makes
the uh uh yield back to a more
attractive level again like five to 6%
now for the eight shares of the China
banks and uh our house view like from
the our insurance sector analysts they
he believed that um 4.5% would be
continue to be a like attractive level
of dividend yield for especially for the
insurance so I think the dividend level
come back to a more attractive level now
>> Manu thanks so much for joining us this
morning that was manu Lu there, China
Hong Kong banks research analyst at DBS
Hong Kong Group Research. And let's head
back to Tan Jin now because we've got
President Xi who's just started an
address at the opening ceremony. We can
listen in to what he's saying this
morning.
Looking back,
we have weathered the storms on our
journey
and emerged stronger because we have
adhered to the Shanghai spirit.
Looking ahead,
>> we should carry forward the Shanghai
spirit in a world fraught with
challenges and changes,
>> forge ahead with solid steps
and better tap into the potential of our
organization.
First, we should seek common ground
while putting aside differences.
Shared aspirations are the source of
strength and advantage and the will to
seek commonality while shelving
differences reflects wisdom and vision.
SEU member states are all friends and
partners.
We should respect our differences,
maintain strategic communication,
build up consensus
and strengthen solidarity and
collaboration.
We should make the pie of cooperation
bigger
and fully utilize the endowment of every
country
so that we can fulfill our
responsibility for peace, stability,
development and prosperity in the
region.
>> Second, we should pursue mutual benefit
and wing-wing results.
We need to better align our development
strategies and promote the highquality
implementation of the Belton Road
initiative so that in planning and
building relevant projects together and
benefiting from them together, we can
strengthen the momentum of regional
development and improve the well-being
of the people. We should leverage the
strength of our mega-sized markets and
economic complimentarity between member
states and improve trade and investment
facilitation.
We should enhance cooperation in such
areas as energy infrastructure, green
industry, digital economy, scientific
and technological innovation and
artificial intelligence.
We should march toward modernization
hand in hand by bringing out the best in
one another and working together for a
shared future.
>> Third, we should champion openness and
inclusiveness.
The vast land of Asia and Europe, a
cradle of ancient civilizations, where
the earliest exchanges between the east
and the west took place, has been the
driving force behind human progress.
Since ancient times, people of different
countries have battered and traded for
mutual benefit and learned from each
other. SEO member states need to enhance
mutual understanding and friendship
through people-to-people exchanges,
firmly support one another in economic
cooperation and jointly cultivate a
garden of civilizations in which all
cultures flourish in prosperity and
harmony through mutual enlightenment.
Fourth, we should uphold fairness and
justice.
We must promote a correct historical
perspective on World War II and oppose
the Cold War mentality, block
confrontation and bullying practices.
We should safeguard the UN centered
international system
and support the multilateral trading
system with the WTO at its core.
We should advocate an equal and orderly
multipolar world and a universally
beneficial and inclusive economic
globalization and make the global
governance system more just and
equitable.
Fifth, we should strive for real results
and high efficiency.
We should continuously promote SEO
reform,
increase resources input and enhance
capacity building to improve its
institutional structure and make its
decision making more scientific and its
actions more efficient.
We should put into use
the SEO universal center for countering
security challenges and threats and the
SEO anti-drug center
and set up an SEO development bank as
soon as possible
to provide stronger underpinnings for
security and economic cooperation among
member states.
colleagues,
>> China always aligns its development with
that of the
>> All right, those are live pictures out
of Tanzhin. You're just hearing from the
Chinese president Xiinping the they're
kicking off of course the summit and
certainly talking a little bit more
about opposing this cold war mentality.
also talking about this cooperation
among the SEO uh when it comes to
enhancing cooperation in tech and yes
that buzzword AI and but also supporting
this multilateral trading system. Uh we
mentioned the whole AI theme and today
is certainly the day to to spotlight
Alibaba, right? That continues to be the
biggest move here that's really lifting
the hang here this morning and there you
go biggest move in two three years for
the stock 17%. Now, this is on the back
of course a company reporting a surge in
revenue from AI and really underscoring
the steady progress that they're making
uh when it comes to the post deepseat
Chinese development frenzy. Here to
unpack all this is our Bloomberg
intelligence Robert Lee. I mean this is
a massive move for the stock. Are you
surprised?
>> I must say I am quite surprised at the
magnitude of it because at the end of
the day the company did miss earnings.
But I think you know if we just analyze
the sentiment of the situation at the
moment the e-commerce miss was less
worse than was feared you know
particularly coming after pretty weak
numbers from the likes of um mtoan and
also JD.com. So I think there was an
expectation that you know on e-commerce
and crude terms they could really tank
the numbers so that didn't happen and
conversely on the AI side the sentiment
is really positive. the uh momentum on
the AI cloud business picked up which
was expected but that's running at an
annual run rate of around 26%. So coming
off a low base that's uh pretty
substantial. So sentiment wise it all
looks great. It all looks rosy and there
must be a bit of a short squeeze going
on because of low expectations. uh and
also as we know in in what tend to be
quite retail driven markets in most of
Asia uh I think you know local sentiment
is is bullish but from where I sit you
know more focused on fundamentals you
know at the end of the day the earnings
for Alibaba this year are likely to be
down um there is margin pressure across
all their business and can I just very
quickly quote you a couple of numbers
this is looking at what they've invested
uh in terms of capex and what sort of
level of of return that's generated. So
if you look at the capex over the last
four quarters, that's more than tripled
uh in US dollar terms in the last
quarter to about 5.4 billion. So in
common what we've seen across the AI
sector globally and also in China. So
big investment yet the increase in
incremental operating profit was only
$86 million. So that's a huge level of
investment, not a very large return. If
you're buying into the stock at the
moment, you're taking the view that the
return is going to come through in the
near term. But conversely, consensus
numbers are not reflecting that
whatsoever. So, I think there's a lot of
hype, a lot of positive sentiment which
is driving this move, not and that is
quite detached from the fundamentals and
the reality of the situation.
>> I guess also really reflects the
struggles and the challenges around
monetizing AI which is something that a
lot of Chinese companies, other
companies face as well. I mean what's
the level of patience do you think then
that that investors are going to have
with that sort of AI spend before it
actually starts to truly generate a lot
more revenue to match
>> I guess in you know if you look to the
US market and a company like coreweave
for example I mean that stock was down
20% on the back of a weaker print um you
know in the last quarter so I think
while sentiment is still holding in the
states there are cracks appearing and
you know patience of investors is only
you know is limited plus as we've talked
about in recent weeks we've seen the MIT
report only 5% of companies were
successfully monetizing or generating a
return on a I investments there have
been similar reports from the likes of
McKenzie so um yes I would say in terms
of the market the debate is quite mixed
at the moment but you know again my job
is to stick to fundamentals it concerns
me immensely that the you know this big
mismatch between humongous levels of
capex being put in particularly in the
US and the relative low level of
monetization monetization is coming up
but again relative to you know as I'm
not picking on Microsoft 85 billion of
capex the monetization coming through so
my my beef if you like is not on the
value that AI can add I mean I think
we've all used it personally there is
value it it's the economic arguments
it's the ROI it it just doesn't stack up
>> the journal reported about this AI chip
that Alibaba is developing
We don't we're short on details but
what's your initial take?
>> Okay. So so yes the the report was that
Alibaba is now developing its own chip.
I think that mirrors what's going on in
the US. The likes of Google, Meta,
Amazon are all doing the same. And why
is that? Because demand for these chips
continues to outstrip supply. So it's
not wholly unsurprising that Alibaba's
uh apparently doing the same whether
10centent is doing that. Uh BU does have
a chip business. So yeah, um but yeah,
monetization is the key people need to
focus on.
>> Yeah, and I guess whether that chip is
for training or or inference is another
question we still don't know the answer
to as well. But that was our Bloomberg
intelligence uh analyst there, Robert
Lee. We'll have plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
So I mean that
>> I sincerely ask all Indonesian citizens
to stay calm and trust the government.
The government I lead along with party
leaders, including those outside the
government, is committed to always
fighting for the people's interests. To
the police and the Indonesian National
Armed Forces, I order them to take the
strictest actions against those who have
committed acts of damage to public
facilities, looting of individual homes
or public places or economic centers.
Indonesian President Pro Subanto there
as he calls for calm following a weekend
of violent unrest in Jakarta. Let's get
more on this story with Joshua Kansic,
senior fellow for Southeast Asia and
South Asia and the Council on Foreign
Relations. He joins us now from
Baltimore. Joshua, it's great to have
you on the program. Uh, you know, I'm
I'm seeing investors are obviously
concerned about the political tensions
that we're seeing on the ground there in
Indonesia here right now. You know, what
do you think is next? Could tension stay
elevated for some time?
>> I think actually what you've seen is
that um PBO has been more um flexible
than anyone who knew Proau in the past
um would think. At first he came out
exactly as people would expect uh
talking about protesters being uh
treasonous, terrorists, etc. Um and
saying statements like what we just
heard. and he actually now has um moved
in in in a direction. Um he's
acknowledged some of their um
grievances. He's said that that he's
going to um take a look at lawmakers
pay, cut foreign trips. He acknowledges
the challenges in the economy, etc. Um
that is not what anyone I think would
have thought that Poor Subanto would do.
What the first is, the second I I think
is quite unusual and so I think that
might have an effect in promoting calm
th those quick concessions though that
the POA seems to have made. I mean is
that going to be having any sort of
impact on on people though? Will they be
listening to what he's saying? Do you
think?
I mean, they're definitely listening
because um the penetration of the media
penetration of what PO says is enormous.
Um I think there are underlying
grievances be well beyond the pay of
lawmakers. I I'm I'm simply saying that
he could have got gone in a much worse
direction. He had problems with youth
unemployment, economic challenges,
etc. Those are serious challenges.
existed before Kabo and that he has not
done very much to to deal with. He now
needs to deal with these serious serious
challenges as well as lawmaker pay and
trips. That's a minor point compared to
Indonesia's major economic challenges.
>> What what sort of actions do you see the
government doing moving forward here?
You know, you mentioned there's a list
of demands from protesters. What can
they still do right now to appease
protesters now?
>> Um well the first things which is
already said is the body the lawmakers
pay is absurd compared to the standard
of living and the number of lawmakers
and the number of lawmakers take foreign
trips and spend a lot of money is
something he can do immediately.
Um, I think that will have some modest
effect. Bey beyond that, there's a huge
problems and that
he could do things to reverse some of
the mistakes he's already made like um
going back on his um idea of a state
investment fund controlled by basically
controlled by him which is a recipe for
massive graft corruption. Um and he
could also um go back on some of his
statist economic ideas which have a long
history in Indonesia. But had he has put
back in favor? Those are those are major
mistakes he's already made. Um would he
will he go back on those? Those those
are much more important than a
lawmaker's pay, but the lawmakaker's pay
is is like a first step. at the time,
but then you have to follow through on
these other major grievances.
>> Joshua, thanks very much for joining us
this morning. That was Joshua Kalansic
there of the Council on Foreign
Relations. And we've really been seeing
that market reaction this morning. I
mean, we already had declines into the
end of the week in Indonesia. But coming
into the session today, I mean, we've
seen stocks down by as much as 4%, but
but the biggest slump here for around 5
months for the country. So certainly I
mean you're seeing that continuing
concern around around what this
political instability means for the for
the market.
>> Yeah, there is a bit of equity risk
premium right that you're putting back
on this market here. Obviously still
questions about as we say right the list
of protest or demands. Uh there is this
you know narrative that maybe that
they're going to have to do something
when it comes to government spending
here. So fiscal policy whether it's
constrained or not how is that going to
move forward? Are we likely to see any
sort of reshuffleling in the finance
ministry? That certainly is one
lingering sort of concern among the
market here right now and obviously that
could be impacting everything from the
2026 budget deliberations. Uh also when
it comes to that fiscal deficit target
whether that actually changes right now
and of course it's not just Indonesia. I
mean we're seeing political instability
in Thailand. We've got that market just
about to come online this morning. But
you know it doesn't seem like there's
any parliamentary stability there right
now. And some are even saying that a
coup could be possible within the
country as well. But more ahead with
insight. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]